I won't let you say that.
I'm sorry.
I said it like that, but it's not what I thought.
I made it clear.
Actually, as you said...
I said I did it on purpose.
Yes.
I don't think it's a good idea.
I have a reason.
I'm going to do it.
I'll be there for a while.
No, you're crazy.
Listen to this.
All right.
Go.
I'm going to listen.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what you mean.
I can't do it on purpose.
I'm going to do it.
I'm sorry.
This is all we did.
We were sirful.
It glorifies him just as he glorifies God.
It glorifies God just as he glorifies God.
So we...
So we had problems reading the Lord's Society.
We had problems reading the Lord's Society.
The god had a grudge on him.
The god didn't get Your Majesty screened
The god doesn't get Your Majesty screened
must have็ turned the way to--"
dadaa-sanu-spirouu-ta!"
Just like that,
he rebirthed in the堃子山所以
to seek out the hunters' prey.
The surrounding haveوا
tried their heart out
and saw together
whether the rodcupe was important
or the ㅎㅎ
was amused.
But he sweetly admitted
that was wrong.
Yes.
In time
they took him.
Yes.